{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mutable Kinks\
Karltron Crimps\
21Nov08\
\
it's cc-by-sa so copyleft\
someone else started a tht version, asking about it but not shared yet because reasons. \
on easyeda he doesnt know how to share that.\
\
\
seems to fit in 0805 on one extra board. with no output LEDs. \
\
FDLL4148 is D1206\
i dont know if these diodes are pointing the right direction after changing footprints.\
check the eagle schematic again for polarity.\
\
21nov15\
\
\
changing pinout on transistors, to SOT-23. so DO BE CAREFUL AND RECHECK THE PINOUT \
checked. check.\
layout looking fine in 0805. could do THT except for ICs.... well idk.\
0805 is laid out now. needs review before ordering. \
needs a https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/kemet/C0805C103J5GEC7210/8645966\
\
\
\
\
the j112 seems to work well. but noise is dead.\
give it an in and the s&h works. with J112 and OPA4174\
\
FDLL pads could be taller please. \
wrong jfet is fine. get a few to try.\
upside down mmbf3904. needs rewrite of board.\
\
seems the input normalled to noise is triggering the trigger perhaps by crosstalk.  the falling tone is just the likelihood of a trigger getting seen. \
after some exploration:\
but its not crosstalk, i think its power rail fluctuations or ground plane shenanigans with the trigger's threshold, or trigger pulldown. \
the original had a ton mroe decoupling, so that's a clue. \
\
figured it out was just the gate threshold at -11 being too close to the input at -7v. we open the signal path\
so really the module is fine lolol.\
then changed the opa41 to a tl074 and found it pushes only -7v, so really triggery easier.  the noise went up to +/-7 and that hits the gate easyyy.\
\
v122 works great\
\
update R27 down from 470K to maybe 330K or half 470 (parallel = 235K)\
\
\
}